Artificial intelligence is transforming the digital world at a pace that we've
never seen. But the physical world still asks for something
simpler. Hi, my name is Ethan Kwan,
founder of Lucen.
We've built Orizon.
We believe great design is not about adding more.
It's about removing what's not essential.
Less noise, less distraction, more clarity, more
intent. So while others were building ever larger
systems, we made a different decision.
We removed AI from our AI product. Early this
year, we closed our round, raising seven million dollars at a valuation
of seven billion. With this much projected upside, the
opportunities was impossible to ignore.
Orizon is built with serious intent, obsessive care,
and a complete disregard for banality.
See it for yourself at Orizon.ai right
now.